[Autogenerated] one last thing I want to do is give you a
quick look at the application and environment in the AWS
management console at the services list.
Elastic Beanstalk is one of my short cuts because I was recently using it.
And once I click on it,
we see a list of all of the elastic Beanstalk environments.
Well, I only have the one anyway on the left.
You can choose to view the environment list or the
application list in the environment list when I click on
the hyperlinked environment name.
Net core FBI dash deaf.
There's a quick overview, and it shows the status is healthy.
You can upload and deploy from here if you want,
and the actions dropped down lets you manage the environments
configuration or stop and start the environment,
which stops and starts the application.
Because the environment is essentially the applications server,
there are a lot more management tasks you can perform on the environment,
and they're listed over in the menu on the left.
Let's go look at the application list now.
So again,
I only have one application in the list and there's
really not a lot going on here.
It tells you the environment,
name and the URL and the actions let you do little things
like manage the tags for the application.
Create another environment because, remember,
you can run your application on multiple environments at the same time, and you can also swap Urals between the different environments if you need to.